"Ki Hiiri"
   The man ran away running the night when the moonlight shone on.
   Alley of darkness without street lights. Sometimes the torpedo broken cup sparks burned the darkness with a pale white light. The light that diminishes and the figure of a man going crazy in the darkness float like an animation, and it disappears.
    The man was a half-body Saipog who mechanized part of his head and his left arm. In the machine arms there was an old naught of a big swing, and a dark blood glucose was stained in it that glowed bluntly.
    Here is a zone away from the entertainment district of Kuzu Town, where only the dirty alleys, which are not popular, surround the gaps of buildings like capillaries.
The man ran without saying the thick and thin alley. Occasionally when the path is touched on the left and right side, like a hungry wild dog, he strokes his neck and jumps into one of the alleys as I thought after a stroll.
"I will be killed, I will be melted"
The man was frightened by the illusion.
In the muddy eyes the alley swelled like a badly reddish beast's intestine and it looked like it was swallowing swallowing yourself.
The man screams at the phobia of phantom but crawls further into that alley without stopping. We can not turn back. It was because I was convinced that nearby walls will scatter acid and stop everything without trace once it stops.
If you squeeze a man's brain now, Alcaloid will come out like a fruit juice. It was withdrawal symptoms due to plant narcotics, bad trip.
Oh, the footsteps approached.
I am going to melt.
The escape where a man rushed through countless alleys suddenly ended with a dead end.
It is found in a deeply flowing dub river, and the alley is over there. When a man puts his back on a wire mesh built on the edge of the Dob River, he trembles and looks at the alley.
The end of the alley where the man ran away ran away as if it were closed in the dark like a different space. The walls of the four sides that finally hung over to overcome crushing the man.
"Wow, stop it, stop it!"
When a man replaces with his desperately shaped Nata, he slashed his own living right arm. When a pink meat appeared from one person, lid muscle, smoothly broken skin, it disappeared with the blood that gushes out quickly.
"Hui Iti Iihi"
The breathing of a man is disturbed by the severe pain of the arm, the chest rises and falls greatly like a bellows. But when the pain filled the consciousness, the distorted view of the man quickly regained its outline. To the consciousness that awakens with the annihilation of hallucinations, the man plays a dragging laugh. And crouched to the empty space, I tried many times as much as we could.
Hallucinences are gone.
However, there was a reality that he pursued a man with hallucinations. Even if a man's consciousness awakens, its reality will not leave with hallucinations.
Reality is the reason why a man escapes while suffering from hallucinations, the existence of a tracer.
"Oh, Ann in the evening ...... Chie, the one who caught the cheapest prize money is OK. Hey, do you understand me, Fifty chief with Kyushu Den"?
The view of the man who had been twisted and triple as far as the contour was blurred and distorted has already recovered. When a man brushed his eyed red eyes into the darkness of the alley, he saw a shadow bleeding out of the alley.
"Onoe is not a hallucination, is not it ... ... Damn it was Hanni-yume"
The shadow that was cut out from the darkness into a human form slowly comes out from the back of the alley with a hard footstep hitting the road surface. Then I crushed it tearingly dropping the rounded prize money list.
"Do not think that hunting will be easy"
The man licked his blood in his right arm and hurt himself and set aside. Its stance entered Kanon because it passed through numerous scenes and there is no big gap.
The shadow cast a voice over the stance of the man and whispered in a low voice.
"Continuous murderers aiming at only women are going to be a nice tip ... but ... well, today you can do it well."
"Oh!"
The man was kicking the ground at the same time as he was fired up.
From leaping like a monkey who can not be regarded as a leg strength of a human being, a man shakes a bite over a shadow's crown in a letter. The left arm of the machine exerts powerful power, the tip of the accelerated Nata splits the air and emits a whistle like sound. It was a blow striking technique that a man buried many victims and pursuers.
At the moment when a man 's mortal sword touches the shadow' s crown, a glow glitters in the eyes of the shadow, receiving the dull light of Nata 's blade.
Sengoku ---- A red light rushed up from under the shadow.
When you draw an arc from the ground to the sky like a serpent, its brightness melts in darkness. Almost at the same time that the red light snake ran to the dark, a high clear sound called Vienna trembled in the dark alley wall and echoed.
 "Is not it!
The man felt uncomfortable that there was no pleasant feeling that he should run up at the moment he had the blade cut into the enemy's crown. It was lost somewhere before the touch of Nata who was with the centrifugal force touched the head of the shadow, and the man had slashed his left arm to the ground with a sense as if he would leave it as it was. The man rolled forward in the air so that it could be pulled by the arm that he could lift down, he landed from his back unevenly and rolled.
"Hello, O me, my hands"
When the man finally noticed the sense of loss and screamed, it was when he turned his left arm with his pain landing from his back. The man's left machine arm was cut from the wrist with a momentary interlock with the shadow. The wrist of a male machine shows a sharp cut surface and has a faint smoke with heat.
The shadow stood in front of the man as if nothing had happened.
"Nana, what is wrong, what's wrong?"
A few seconds later, beside the man, Nata who added the left hand gripped as a bonus finally dropped sharply and pierced the asphalt of the alley.
The shadow did not avoid the man 's nakedness being shaken down at high speed, he kicked from the side a wrist grasping nata at a speed much higher than it.
The shadow kick was exactly art.
It is a supple movement like a waterbird spreading wings and flying to the sky, but at the same time it is a technique of kicking the destructive power like a nail that a baptism black eagle cuts off prey.
As the blade of Nata rushes down, the kicking foot of the shadow stretches just above just like a knee kick in a folded form. Then, when the heel of the shaft foot bounced off the ground, it turned round about the base of the thumb as a fulcrum and turned to almost the front of the body. When the kicking feet receive the instantaneous power of the shaft foot that has stretched to the toe tipped with the rotation of the heel, the lower leg is twisted inwardly from the folded knee and it is released. At this moment the power of the kick is the greatest, it is improving to the left wrist grasping the man 's nata and improving it.
It does not take several comma before the process of kicking more than this shadow textbook is completed. And surprisingly the shadow of this elegant kick has been released after the men confirmed that they would throw away the nata. Shadows not only kicking technology but also their reflexes have already reached the area of ​​supernatural work.
But still - the doubt remained.
Although it is an artistic supernatural work, is it possible to cut sharply instead of breaking the wrist of steel ball made by just kicking?
But surely the left wrist of a male machine is sharply slashed. There seemed to be something else that is not only advanced technology of shadow kicking.
When a man sensed a drowning in his rough part and shuddered, he was already trampling his back against a shadow, and he could no longer move.
"Damn it,"
While stepping on a prickly face, the man struggles desperately to look at the face of the hateful pursuer. It was the red pineapple head of the silver eyeglasses with a tall slender body that reflected on the edge of the eyes of the man looked up with pain.
".. Woman, is it?"
"Hehe, well, consciousness and chromosomes are not right"
The follower tracing a man distorted the red lips and said.
Certainly the face and body line was that of a woman. However, it is brownish brown as it is worn, the body of a woman peering from a colored cotton is an artificial body made up of steel and ceramics. A woman was a whole body cyborg that was made into a cosmetic body by a machine completely except for the skin of the face and brain miso.
A woman with a whole body cyborg crouches over his elbow on the knee of the foot that stepped on the man and cranked up, and a sarcastic crawl is floated in a bad figure of a man.
"A hunter who kicked my wrist and blown away it is a maniac sister of a whole body tornado"
The man frantically twisted his neck and spat out as it strengthened. The woman puts her strength on the foot that stepped on her back without hesitation against her sassy attitude. When the sound like stepping on the bundle of dead branches sounding under the feet made of the woman's steel, the man scoffed at his limbs like an insect.
"Good: :: Sounds of this bone"
She enjoys the feel of crumbled bones and trampled on the back of a man many times and licked the edge of the lip that was drawn to the form of a cruel smile with the tongue colored with blood.
The woman smiled at her eyedrops in the back of her glasses' told a man who was just completely scared of violence and just frightened by the fear of pain and death.
"I did not expect to use a ridge ------- ^ Ridge at the very end of 955 chaff, which is expensive, is not it?"
The woman showed the leg that trampered a man when he hid the hem of a tired coat. On the thighs of the machine's legs who lost the human form, there are bolt-type handles as seen in firearms and a camera-like shutter that seems like an induction port. When a woman pulled the bolt with a heavy operating sound like a cane, the shutter slid and a cylindrical force from the inside, a ridge was pushed out.
"Red hot legs ...": Electric heat type in the sune, Mr. Bonnieff put it in, it's heating Hatteri - 1 ^ 丨 Tridge, kore "
The woman tossed and threw away the force of about ten centimeters in length pitched with the palm of the ridge and pushed it into the coat pocket.
"O, are you also doing with my wrist?"
The mystery of women's kicking was with this gimmick. Destroy the enemies kicked by electric heating blades that jumped out of the high-speed kicking legs with a blunt heat and striking force. Although it is a disadvantage that preceding heating is necessary to sufficiently heat the blade and that the number of heating is limited due to the cartridge type, the effect as a hidden weapon and the power by heating are considerable threat to the side to be kicked -Met. It is also advantageous to increase the reach of kicks if it is not a close combat that can be brought in for combat.
"Now, if it takes more time it will get to work for tomorrow, so it's worse but I will get the head hit."
In other words, the woman laughed and lifted his red lips. A woman 's smile like that snakes trembles with the body of a man' s body for a moment.
"Yes, please help me"
The man pleaded to the woman with sweat and tears, as if the skin on the face was melting. But the woman shakes his head slowly and responds to it. A thin bundle of red-colored red irons touches several white women's witches. No, it is a manifestation of intention.
"If you do not convert your neck with a factory, you can not charge the power 1 ^^ ridge. Hey you can not heat it and my red hot legs do not tick up in a simple jumping knife."
The woman steps on the man and changes his side to side, 'I stepped out my right foot beside the slowly trembling man's neck. , The man 's eyes falling in a stare looks at the legs of the cold - colored steel of the woman opened wide as it flew out.
"Because it's a lot of trouble, I'll show you the red hot legs in the field, hey, hora, it's still hot with the remaining heat."
When the woman 's steel toes cracked along with the driving sound of module I, a sword blade with the spear sharpness and the thickness of the nata slowly appeared from the ankle, starting with the ankle. The blades are burned faintly dark and thin like charcoal adheres to the blades.
Its central part was dull red and contained heat.
"Hit, stop it!"
There was no man but a man.
"That's the only thing to say, it's the last, so please say something cumbersome to have since it's the last, please die and die, hey."
Although the man was raging with the end of expectation, the power and weight of the woman who steps on his back was something he could manage. Even if it is a whole body sait-boog, even if making is female type it is quite
There is power of.
The cheeks were burned to the heat of the plade which jumped out of the woman's leg, and the man screamed again.
"Wow, Father, mother ... ...."
As if to hold down the word of the man 's death, the woman casually blinded the blade of the foot blade. The sound of Jun and the smell of burning meat drift, and the neck of a man leaves the torso without trouble.
A man 's torso was blown twice or three times with jerk and jumped at the feet of a woman, as he did not like to suddenly break up with his neck.
When a breath is breathed, she gets on the wall and explores the pocket of a coat. When a woman pulled his hand out of his pocket, he pinched several cigarettes that the fingers had taken. When a woman puts one of them in his mouth and lights a fire, she sucks slowly to take a deep breath.
A woman who is a whole body cyborg did not know the taste of tobacco. The woman's heart-lung machine does not have the function to absorb nicotine even if it is filtered. Moreover, not only can not be hoped for the repose effect of nicotine, evening has sharply shrunk life of the filter of the artificial lung, so it is a meaningless thing such as tobacco for cyborg more than human.
However, even if such a mechanically meaningless thing is to smoke cigarettes "pseudo act" saved the spirit of a woman human being. I remember the past where the brain had been toasted as cotton bodied customs, and the spirit is implicitly stabilized by doing that ceremony all the time.
"Hey, do not look at me with a face that seems to be that much so much"
The woman murmured solely and touched a man's neck lightly with his toes at his feet. The man 's neck draws scratches of burnt meat juice on the ground and rolls rolling. Their eyes are stiffened with the left eye only being open, looking at the empty space, and looking at their agitated teeth.
It is certainly not legendary that the head of such a bad city must carefully create a head shrine and worship it.
The woman blows cigarette smoke on the neck of a man.
"You are an idiot, like an idiot, like an ancient yaku, you kill a worker at Larihari Hadja de, so you will be a hunger hunted by me, are not you?"
Mescarin is a hallucinogenic plant narcotic substance with alkaloid extracted from cactus and others. Unlike stimulants such as 30 made from scientific chemicals, cocaine and mescarin could easily be mass purified from cultivated crops if they do not care about quality.
Indeed because of its ease of handiness Mescarin is a popular everyday drug in the desert outside Kuzu Teruyama where many cactus species including this are native, but synthetic female drugs that are much more powerful and addictive are prevalent Kuzu Ironworks In the town there are plenty of silo monos at the most, the obsolete mystery religion has enough demand to make believers sniff.
It is a simple and sustainable effect that is simple and sustainable, so we have to take a lot of troublesome primitive narcotics in Tazu town to favor, because the countryside from a farm run by a remote village or factory Met.
Perhaps the man entered the mystery religion of Kuzu Tetsuchi for some reason, where he smelled the incense of the cactus. After that, I drowned in the taste of that nostalgic village, and I used regularly a large amount of hallucinations to become everyday. And from repeated bad trips I would repeat the homicide and eventually it would have been the prize money.
I came out from the country and frustrated at Kuzu Iron Town and run into a drug and frenzied. This was also a rare human living in Kuzu Town.
Dad-chan, Mother-chan -
In the ear of a woman leaning against the wall and looking at the empty space, the leaf shouted at the end by the man revived the leaflet.
A goddess of a man who wanted a family at the time of death.
"Hey, hey, it's a bad aftertaste"
As she sighs, she spat out dark purple smoke of cigarettes and looked up at the air. A low cloud flows along the wind in the night sky, blocking the light of the moon.
When the woman throws out the dusty cigarette and throws it away, he leaves the alley with the neck of the man barely.
The evening breeze caught in the wild coat of a woman 's wearing a coat, and flutted its skirt and went away.
After the cloud obscuring the moon flowed with the wind and left, only the nata that struck like a tomb remained in the alley, as the torso of a man without neck again exposed to the cold blue moonlight.
The woman's name is Caryico.







`Ki hī ~tsu' gekkō ga Akira terasu yoru o otoko wa nige hashi tte ita. Gaitō mo nai kurayami no roji. Tokiori kabe ni chigirete tareta kēpuru no su pe ̄ku ga aojiro ~i hikari de yami o yaita. Sono aka gen suru hikari to yami no naka o hashiri kuruu otoko no sugata ga, animēshon no yō ni ukande wa shō otsuru. Otoko wa atama no ichibu to hidariude o kikai-ka shita hanshin saipōgudeatta. Sono mashin ude ni wa ōburi no furubita Nata ga nigira re 丶 Nibuku hikatta sore ni wa koi chinori ga kuroku shi mitsu ~iteita. Kuzu tetsumachi no kanrakugai kara hanareta chitaidearu koko wa, ninki no na ~i usu kegareta roji dake ga mōsaikekkan no yō ni kenzōbutsu no sukima o me guttiru. Otoko wa sono futoku nari hosoku naru roji o atedomo naku hashitta. Tokiori sayū ni kouji ga 岐 Reru to ueta yaken no yō ni kubi o megurashi, shunjun shite kara omoitsumeta yō ni ippō no roji ni tobikonde iku. `Korosa re tchimau ~tsu, tokasa re chimau ~tsu' otoko wa gen'ei ni obiete ita. Sono nigotta me ni wa roji ga iyarashiku akaguroi kemono no chō no yō ni uneri, onore o nomikonde shundō shite iru ka no yō ni utsutte ita nodearu. Otoko wa gen'ei no kyōfu ni nakisakebu ga, soredemo tachidomaru koto naku sarani sono roji no okufukaku ni mogurikonde iku. Sudeni atomodori wa dekinai noda. Tachidomareba tachimachi atari no kabe ga san o maki chirashi, subete o atokatamonaku shōka shite shimau to kakushin shite itakaradearu. Ima koko de otoko no nō o shiboreba kajū no yō ni aru~karo~ido ga shimi detekurudearou. Shokubutsu-kei mayaku ni yoru kindanshōjō, baddotorippudeatta. Ā, ashioto ga chikadzuite kiya garu. Ore o tokashi nikiya garu. Otoko ga musū no roji o kakenuketa tōhikō wa, tōtotsu ni ikidomari de owari o tsugeta. Fukaku nagareru dobu kawa ni sekitome rare, roji wa soko de owatte iru nodearu. Dobu kawa no en ni tate rareta kanaami ni otoko wa senaka o azukeru to, buruburu to furuete roji o miru. Tatta ima otoko ga nige hashitte kita roji no hate wa, atakamo betsu no kūkan no yō ni kurayami ni tozasa rete mienai. Iyoiyo ōi kabusaru yō ni tatta yomo no kabe ga, otoko o oshi tsubushi ni noshikakatta. `Hie ~tsu, yamero o~tsu, yameya gare e~tsu' otoko wa hisshi no keisō de motte ita Nata o gyakute ni mochikaeru to, jibun no namami no migiude o kiri tsuketa. Hito-kin, futa suji, pakkuri to wareta hifu kara momoiro no niku ga arawareru to, sore wa sugu ni fukidashite kuru chi de mienaku natta. `Hī i~tsu, ihi i' ude no gekitsū ni yotte otoko no kokyū wa midare, mune ga fui go no yō ni ōkiku jōge suru. Shikashi itami ga ishiki o ume tsukusu to, otoko no yugande ita shikai ga kyūsoku ni rinkaku o torimodoshite itta. Genkaku no shōmetsu to tomoni samete iku ishiki ni, otoko wa hikitsuru yōna waraigoe o morasu. Soshite kokū ni mukete zamāmiro, zamāmiro to nando motsu fu yaita. Genkaku wa satta. Shikashi otoko o genkaku to irimajitte otte ita genjitsu ga atta. Sono genjitsu wa otoko no ishiki ga samete mo genkaku to tomoni satte itte wa kurenai. Genjitsu to wa otoko ga genkaku ni kurushiminagara mo tōsō suru riyū, tsuiseki-sha no sonzaidearu. `A~an, An yū wa…… chi ~e, oitsumeta no wa yasui hō no shōkin kubi kai. Oi, atashi ga wakaru kai, kyū chikara ton de Goji~Tsu chiffu' sakihodo made nijū ni mo mie ni mo rinkaku ga boyakete yugande ita otoko no shikai wa sudeni kaifuku shite iru. Kake rareta kotoba ni otoko ga jūketsu shi kitta me o roji no kurayami ni korasu to, hitotsu no kage ga roji kara nijimidete kuru no ga utsutta. `Onowe wa genkakuji ~yaane~e~youdana…… kuso ttare Han yū —-me' yami kara hito-gata ni kiritora reta ~youna kage wa, romen o utsu katai ashioto to tomoni yukkuri to roji no oku kara ayumi detekuru. Soshite marumeta 赏金 Kubi risuto o ashimoto ni otosu toku shari to sore o fumi tsubushita. `Yasuyasu to kareru to omou na yo' otoko wa chi ni mamireta migiude o nameru to koshi o otoshite Nata o kamaeta. Sono kamae wa kazukazu no shuraba o kugurinuketa tame ka-dō ni haitte ori ōkina suki ga nai. Sono otoko no kamae ni kage wa hō to koe o morasu to, hikui koe de sasayaita. `On'na bakari o neratta renzoku satsujin-han tte hō ga, chotto ī chippu ni naru ndakedo nē.......... Mā, kyō no tokoro wa anta demo ī yo' `ka ~a~a~tsu' otoko wa kiai to dōjini 銳 Ku ji o kette ita. Namami no ningen no kyakuryoku to wa omoenai yamazaru no yōna chōyaku kara, otoko wa Nata o kage no nōten ni ichimoji ni furi oroshita. Mashin no hidariude ga kyōryokuna pawā o hakki shi, kasoku sa reta Nata no sentan ga kūki o kirisaite fue no yōna oto o hassuru. Otoko ga kazuōku no higaisha to otte o hōmutta ichigekihikkoro no wazadeatta. Iyoiyo kage no nōten ni otoko no kyōtō ga fureru ka to iu shunkan, Nata no ha no nibui hikari o ukete kage no me ni girari to kōsai ga hashiru. Setsuna -- -- kage no kahō kara akai hikari ka kake nobotta. Sono kōki wa orochi no yō ni ji kara ten e to kowoegaku to yami ni tokeru. Sono akai hikari no hebi ga yami ni hashitta no to hobo dōjini, bī n to iu takaku sunda oto ga kurai roji no kabe ni furuete kodama shita. `Ga hi~tsu!?' Otoko wa teki no nōten ni hamono o kuikoma seta shunkan ni kake noboru hazu no kaikan ga nai koto ni iwakan o oboete ita. Enshinryoku to tomoni atta Nata no tegotae ga kage no tōbu ni fureru sunzen ni doko ka e ushinawa re, otoko wa sonomama su ppo nukeru yōna kankaku de ji ni made hidariude o kiri do-gete ita nodearu. Furi oroshita ude ni hika reru yō ni otoko wa kūchū de zenten shi, sonomama buzama ni senaka kara chakuchi shite korogatta. `Hi ~yoe~e, o, ore no te gua ~a~tsu' otoko ga yōyaku sōshitsukan ni kidzuite himei o ageta no wa, senaka kara chakuchi shita itami de hidariude o se ni mawashita tokideatta. Otoko no hidari no mashin ude wa, kage to no isshun no kōsaku de tekubi kara setsudan sa rete ita nodearu. Otoko no mashin no tekubi wa eirina setsudan-men o mise, netsu o motte kasuka ni kemuri o tadayowa sete iru. Kage wa nanigoto mo nakatta ka no yō ni otoko no me no mae ni tatte ita. `Nana, nani ga, dō natte ya ganda~tsu' sū-byō o hete yōyaku otoko no katawara ni, nigitta hidarite o omake ni tsuketa Nata ga kirikiri to kaiten shinagara rakka shite roji no asufaruto ni tsuki tatta. Kage wa kōsoku de furi orosa reru otoko no Nata o yokezu, sore o haruka ni uwamawaru sokudo de Nata o nigitta tekubi o yoko kara keri naida nodearu. Sono kage no keri wa masani geijutsudeatta. Atakamo mizutori ga tsubasawohirogete ten ni tobitatou to suru ka no yōna shinayakana ugokidearinagara, dōjini mōkin no kuro washi ga emono o kirisaku tsume nogotoki hakai-ryoku o himeta keri no wazadearu. Nata no ha ga kyūkōka surunoni sōtai shite, oritatama reta katachi de kage no keri ashi ga hizageri no yō ni hobo maue ni nobiagaru. Soshite jikusoku no kakato ga ji kara haneru to, oyayubi no tsukene o shiten ni uchimawari ni 銳 Ku kaiten shite karada no hobo shōmen o muita. Sono kakato no kaiten ni tomonatte tsumasakidachi ni nobiagatta jikusoku no shunpatsuryoku o keri ashi ga ukeru to, tatama rete ita hiza kara shita no kyakubu ga uchigawa ni 銳 Ku hineri komu yō ni kaihō sa rete iku. Kono shunkan ni keri no iryoku wa saidai to nari, otoko no Nata o nigitta hidari tekubi ni ~inpakuto shite setsu shin shite iru. Kono kage no kyōkasho ijō no keri no purosesu kansei made ni wa konma sū-byō mo kakatte wa inai. Shikamo odorokubeki koto ni kono ryūreina keri o kage wa otoko ga Nata o furi orosu no o kakunin shita nochi ni hanatta nodearu. Kage wa keri no gijutsu dakede wanaku sono hansha shinkei mo sudeni kamiwaza no iki ni tasshite iru to ieyou. Daga —— soredemo gimon wa nokotta. Ikani geijutsu-tekina kamiwaza to wa ie, tada no keri de sutīru-sei no sa~ibōgu no tekubi o oru node wanaku eiri ni setsudan suru koto ga kanōna nodearou ka. Shikashi tashika ni otoko no mashin no hidari tekubi wa eiri ni kiri otosa rete iru. Soko ni wa kage no keri no kōdona gijutsu dakede wanai betsu no nani ka ga aru yōdeatta. Otoko ga sono ōmakana bubun ni oboro-ge ni kandzuite senritsu shita toki, sudeni otoko wa kage ni senaka o fumitsuke rarete miugoki wa torenaku Natsute ita.
`Chi, chikushō~tsu' otoko wa utsubuse ni fumitsuke rarenagara, nikui tsuiseki-sha no men o niramou to hisshi ni kubi o meguraseru. Kushin shite miageta otoko no me no hashi ni utsutta no wa, hyororito shita chōshin ni ginbuchi megane no akai painappuru atamadeatta. `.. On'na, ka?' `Fu fu, mā ichiō, ishiki to senshokutai wa nē' otoko o fumitsuketa tsuiseki-sha wa sono akai kuchibiru o yugamete itta. Tashikani kaotsuki to bodi rain wa josei no soredeatta. Shikashi haotta dake no ~yoreta 褐 Shi yoku,-iro no ko 丨卜 Kara nozoku on'na no karada wa subete sutīru to seramikku de kōsei sa reta jinkō no bode ~idearu. On'na wa ganmen no hifu to nōmiso igai wa kanzen ni mashin ni ~yotte gitaika sa reta zenshin saibo 丨 Guna nodeatta. Zenshin saibōgu no on'na wa otoko o fumitsuketa ashi no hiza ni hiji o nosete kagami komu to, otoko no buzamana sugata ni hinikuna 嗤 I o ukaberu. `Ore no tekubi o keri de futtoba shita hantā ga, zenshin saibane no maniakku ane Chiya nta a na' otoko wa hisshi ni kubi o nejitte tsuyogaru ~yo~uni haki suteta. On'na wa sono otoko no namaikina taido ni taishi, chūcho sezu ni se o fumitsuketa ashi ni chikara o komeru. On'na no suti — ru-sei no ashi no shita de kareeda no taba o fumu yōna oto ga seidai ni naru to, otoko ga konchū no yō ni teashi o batatsukasete zekkyō shita. `Ī nē: : : Ī yo. Kono honenone' on'na wa kudaketa hone no kanshoku o tanoshinde nando mo otoko no se o fuminijirinagara, zankokuna emi no katachi ni 引 Kareta kuchibiru no hashi o chi no iro o shita shita de nameta. On'na wa megane no oku ni aru ōgyoku no hitomi de hohoeminagara' sudeni kyosei mo kanzen ni usete kutsū to shi no kowa kowa ni tada obieru otoko ni itta. `Takaga 九万五十 Chiffu no anta ni sa,-ryoku -------^ rijji o tsukau nante omowanakatta yo. Kore tte takai nda yo, nē' on'na wa kutabireta kōto no suso o makuru to otoko o fumitsuketa hō no kyakubu o shimeshita. Ningen-teki fo rumu o ushinatta sono kikai no ashi no daitai-bu ni, jūki ni mi rareru yōna boruto-gata no handoru to ~iji wekushonpōtorashiki kamaboko-gata no shattā ga aru. On'na ga ga chin to iu omoi sadō-on to tomoni sono boruto o hiku to, shatta — ga sura~ido shite naka kara tōjō no chikara,, rijji ga oshi dasa reta. `Sekinetsu ashi tte ne —: Sune ni den'netsu-shiki no-sa, itte mire pa bon'na~ifu shikon den no yo. Sore no kanetsu-yō hatteri -- 1 ^ 丨 Torijji yo, kore' on'na wa sō utte haishutsu sa reta naga-sa jū-senchi hodo no chikara ^ rijji o tenohira de moteasobu to sore o kōto no poketto ni oshikonda. `O , ore no tekubi mo soitsu de yatta no ka' on'na no keri no nazo wa kono gimikku ni atta. Kōsoku no keri ashi kara tobidashita den'netsu burēdo ga ke tta teki o ha no netsu to dageki-ryoku de 銳利 Ni kiri otosu. Burēdo o jūbun ni kanetsu suru tame ni senkō kanetsu ga hitsuyōna koto to betterī ga kātorisoji-shiki no tame kanetsu kaisū ni seigen ga aru koto ga kettendaga, kakushi buki to shite no kōka to kanetsu ni yoru iryoku wa kera reru soba ni totte wa kanari no 脅 —Deatta. Kumi-uchi ni mochikoma reru yōna sekkin-sendenakereba keri no rīchi ga masu no mo yūridearu. `Sā, koreijō jikan kakaru to ashita no shigoto ni sashitsukaerukara, mō waruikedo kubi o tora shite morau yo' on'na wa kotomonageni iu to, po tteri to shita akai kuchibiru o tsuriagete waratta. Sono hebi no yōna on'na no emi ni isshun otoko no karada ga biku n to furueru. `Ta, tasuketekure yo ~o' otoko wa ganmen no hifu ga tokete iru ka no yō ni ase to namida o shitatara sete on'na ni aigan shita. Shikashi on'na wa kubi o yukkuri to yoko ni futte sore ni kotaeru. Enji gakatta akage no hosoi taba ga Kazumoto on'na no shiroi hitai ni furete yureru. Ina, to iu ishi hyōjidearu. `Anta no kubi o fakutorī de kankin shinai to,-ryoku 1 ^ ^ rijji no jūden ga dekinai no yo nē. Kanetsu dekinakiya atashi no sekinetsu ashi ga tada no tobidashi na~ifu ni natchi ya uji ya nai' on'na wa otoko o fumitsuketa mama yoko ni muki o kaeru to' yukkuri to furueru otoko no 頸 No yoko ni migiashi o 踏 Mi dashita., Ttsubuse ni taoreru otoko no me wa tobidasan bakari ni mihiraka rete on'na no tsumetai ^ iro o shita kōtetsu no kyakubu o mitsumeru. `Sekkakudakara, sekinetsu ashi o madjikade misete ageru yo, nē. Hora, mada yonetsu de atsuikara ne' mojiyu I ru no kudō-on to tomoni on'na no sutīru-sei no tsumasaki ga wareru to, fuku-ra hagi no bubun ka-ra yari no surudosa to Nata no atsumi o motta ken 吞Na burēdo ga kurubushi o kiten ni yukkuri to arawareta. Burēdo wa yakete kasuka ni kurozunde ori, usuku sumi no yōna mono ga ha ni fuchaku shite iru. Sono chūshin-bu ga jin wari to akaku, netsu o fukunde ita. `Hi ~i~tsu, yamete e~tsu/' sudeni otoko wa mi mo yo mo nakatta. `Iinokosu koto wa sore dake? Hora, saigona ndakara motsu to ki no kīta koto itte su Tsukiri shite shini nasai yo, nē' saigo no yokan ni otoko wa jitabata to abaretaga, onore no se o fumitsukeru on'na no chikara to jūryō wa dōnika de kiru monode wa nakatta. Zenshin sa~ibōgudeareba, tatoe-tsukuri ga josei-gatadeatte mo kanari no pawā ga aru. On'na no kyakubu kara tobidashita purēdo no netsu ni hoho o yaka re, otoko wa futatabi zekkyō shita. `Uwa wa, chichi Chiya n, haha Chiya…… ga' otoko no shinigiwa no kotoba o kuchidome suru ka no yō ni, on'na wa muzōsa ni ashi no burēdo no ha o naide ita. Jun to iu oto to yakeru niku no nioi o tadayowa se, a tsukenaku otoko no kubi wa dōtai kara hanareru. Kubi to no totsuzen no wakare ni iyaiya o suru yō ni, on'na no ashimoto de otoko no dōtai ga ni, san-do bikuri to 痙 攣 Shite haneta. On'na wa futsu to iki o tsuku to, kabe ni motarete ko 丨 - ^ No poketto o saguru. On'na ga poketto kara te o hiki nuku to, yubi ga yoreta kamimaki tabako o kazumoto tsumande ita. On'na wa sonōchi no Ippon o kuchi ni kuwa ete hi o tsukeru to, shinkokyū o suru yō ni yukkuri to suu. Zenshin saibōgudearu on'na ni wa tabako no aji wa wakaranakatta. On'na no jinkōshinbai wa nikochin o 濾 Ka shite mo kyūshū suru kinō wa motteinai karadearu. Shikamo nikochin no ansoku kōka ga nozomenai bakari ka, yū — ru ga jinkō hai no fuirutā no jumyō o ichijirushiku chidjimeru tame ningen'ijō ni saibōgu ni wa tabako nado imiganai shiromonodeatta. Daga son'na kikō-teki ni muimina kotodeatte mo tabako o suu to iu `giji kōi' wa on'na no ningen to shite no seishin o sukutte ita. Nō ga namami no nikutai no koro no shūkan to shite tabako o ajiwatte ita kako o oboete ori, sono gishiki o ichi-tōri okonau koto de anji-teki ni seishin ga antei suru nodearu. `Oi, son'nani urameshi-sōna kao de atashi o miru na yo' on'na wa sō tsubuyaku to ashimoto ni oitearu otoko no kubi o karuku tsumasaki de kodzuita. Otoko no kubi wa kogeta niku-jiru no ato o ji ni egaite korori to korogaru. Sono-me wa hidarime dake ga aite kokū o nirami, kumon ni ha 嚙 Mi shita hyōjō no mama de kōchoku shite iru. Tashika iitsutae de kōiu kyōsō no kubi wa, teinei ni kubitsuka o tsukutte matsuranaito ikenai ndatta ka nē. On'na wa futto tabako no kemuri o otoko no kubi ni fuki tsukeru. `Anta ga bakamitai ni mesukarin nante iu anakurona yaku kimete, rarirari no hadeha de ni rōdō-sha nanka yatchimaukara atashi ni kara reru hame ni naru no ~yo, nē?' Mesukarin wa saboten nado kara chūshutsu sa reru arukaro~ido de genkaku sayō no aru shokubutsu-kei mayaku-mono-shitsudearu. Kagaku yakuhin kara tsukura rerushi 30 nado no kakuseizai to chigai, koka~in ya mesukarin wa shitsu o towanakereba saibai shita sakumotsu kara kantan ni tairyō seisei suru koto ga dekita. Tashikani sono tegaru-sa kara mesukarin wa kore o fukumu saboten-shu ga ōku jisei suru kuzu tetsumachi-gai hen no sabakude wa popiyurāna mayakudeattaga, haruka ni kyōryokuna kōka to shūkan-sei o motta gōsei asa-yaku no ryūkō suru kono kuzu tetsu chōnaide wa seizei ga chinpuna shinpi shūkyō ga shinja ni kaga seru kurai no 需 Kaname shika nai shiro monodearu. Kono ~youna kōka ga tanjun katsu jizoku-sei mo hikuku tairyō ni kyūin seneba naranai tame ni tema no kakaru genshi-teki mayaku o tazu tetsumachi de aiyō suru no wa, yahari henkyō no sonraku ya fakutorī ga keiei suru nōjō shusshin no inaka-sha-tachideatta. Osoraku otoko wa nanrakano riyū de kuzu tetsumachi no shinpi shūkyō ni hairi, sokode saboten no ka o kaga sa reta nodearo ~u. Sorekara wa sono natsukashī furusato no sonraku no aji ni obore, soshite genkaku ga nichijō to naru hodo tairyō ni jōyō shita. Soshite baddotorippu kara satsujin o kurikaeshite tsuini wa shōkin kubi to natta nodearo ~u. Inaka kara dete kite kuzu tetsumachi de zasetsu shi doraggu ni hashitte kyōran. Kore mo mata, kuzu tetsumachide wa mezurashikunai ningen no ikizamadeatta. Tōchan, kāchan —— kabe ni motarete kokū o mite ita on'na no mimi ni, fui ni otoko ga saigo ni sakenda 這葉 Ga yomigaetta. Shinigiwa ni kazoku o hosshita otoko no danmatsuma. `Chi ~e, nandaka nē. Mattaku atoaji no warui shigotoda yo' on'na wa tansoku to tomoni tabako no koi murasaki no kemuri o hakidashite chū o miageta. Yozora ni kaze to tomoni hikui kumo ga nagare, tsuki no hikari o saegitte iku. On'na wa chibita tabako o butto haki suteru to, burarito otoko no kubi o katate ni roji o saru. 讯 I de itta yokaze ga on'na no haotta yoreyore no kōto ni harande, suso o hatameka sete wa nukete itta. Tsuki o ōi kakushita kumo ga kaze to tomoni nagarete satta nochi ni wa, tsumetaku aoi gekkō ni futatabi sarasa reta kubi no nai otoko no dōtai to bohyō no yo~u ni tsuki tatta Nata dake ga roji ni nokotta. On'na no na wa kiyariko to itta.