Chapter 5


That was when Gally and Calico walked away from Factory 33. There was a woman walking alone under the night on Tempest Street. She is a middle-aged prostitute named Shigu.

"Gally, it's a shame that this Ido doesn't understand you.

Shigu was moving quickly down the desolate street. He went to Daisuke Ido's clinic on behalf of Calico to tell him that Gally had become a Slayer and was under Calico's care in the red light district.

"I have things to do. You can leave if you wish."

Ido only said that to Shigu and closed the door. Shigu was stunned by Ido's insolent attitude. But Calico hadn't asked her to take him personally either, so she resigned herself and returned to the red-light district alone.

After passing through Tempest Street, Shigu took an alley. It was a shortcut to the red light district.

Shigu went into the intricate passages, which were about 2 meters wide. There are no lights there, but those who know the route can reach the red light district in less than 5 minutes. On the main streets it would take them much longer.

Shrrr... shrrr…

As Shigu hurried out of the narrow alleyways, he heard a rubbing sound through the dirty walls, but could not identify where it came from.

"What is that sound?"

Shigu became alert, but kept moving through the alley.

Shrrr, shrrr…

"Yiz"

Shigu felt a chill and turned on herself. That frictional sound is certainly coming.

Shrrr... shrr, shr, shrrrr…

"Yiz, yiz, yit, yiz..."

The sound was like the hungry tongue of the beast coming through Shigu licking the walls, and indeed, it was getting closer. Shigu felt a cold sweat running down his entire body and ran through the intricate alleyways. To the right..., to the left..., straight at his target, unnoticed in the surrounding streets.

Shigu runs agitatedly and at the end of one of the alleys she turns right.

"Ah...!"

On the other side, the bright lights were visible. Shigu sighs and smiles.

20 more meters and he was in the heart of the red light district.

“What a relief!”

At that moment, a black thing fell right in front of Shigu, causing her to stumble and fall sharply.

"What the hell?"

It was a woman's torso. Her arms, legs and neck had been cleanly severed. It was the trunk of a human being, but at first glance, it had the shape of a cylinder.

"Ahhhyyyyaaaahhh!!"

Shigu shouts, and looking up he sees a creature on the wall above the alleys, with its 4 well-defined limbs.

The creature licks its lips with its deformed, blood-colored tongue. The drops of its drool fall leaving a fine thread right on Shigu's forehead.

“Arrrrrgghhh!”

Shigu's screams echoed off the walls of the alley, but unfortunately, 20 meters down the road in the red light district, no one heard her.

The scrapyard has returned to calm. In its streets you can find the bodies of cyborgs piled up in piles, one after the other. And among them is Gally, who lies unconscious after having spent all her energy in battle, but seems to be asleep.

“You did well, Gally”

Ido carefully carries Gally and picks up the strands of hair that cover her dirty, battered face.

“... hey, can I ask you something? What's that fighting style you used? That thing they call Martian Kung-fu? or Panzer Kunst?”
 
Calico asked Ido as he lit a handmade cigarette. He was silent for a moment as he stroked Gally's hair, but then he spoke, as if in a monologue.

“... I don't really know what the Panzer Kunst is either. But I have heard that it is a legendary martial art that is feared and forbidden because it is so deadly. Panzer Kunst is called Martian Kung Fu precisely because that is its place of origin.”

In these times it was already completely forgotten, but at some point in the Space Age, human beings reached Venus, Mars, even Jupiter, and unique cultures developed on each planet. The Martian Panzer Kunst in particular, sowed terror in assassinations and guerilla operations, so everyone feared the "Panzer Kunst of Mars".

“Well, I see... It's definitely something very different than martial arts on Earth. Their techniques make it clear that the battlefield is not just the ground.”

Calico approached Ido who was carrying Gally in his arms, caressed the girl's face, and smiled, as if expressing admiration for her skills. However, for Ido, this gave him goosebumps. He could see, through her smile and in the depths of her topaz eyes, a golden glow, that sparkle in someone's eyes when they have their enemy in front of them.

“Calico, you…”

Ido says, whispering and lamenting at the same time. He frowned and turned his back on Calico, as if protecting Gally, and with a fearful voice spoke to him.

“I will no longer allow you and Gally to see each other. Now that I saw your eyes I realized. If you and Gally keep seeing each other, one day you will kill each other.”

Calico was silent for a few seconds, but when she saw that Ido realized what she was feeling, she laughed with contempt. Then he turned his back on them too, and calmly replied.

“You are right. That girl was very pretty, but I'm starting to dislike her already. Ido, tell her clearly not to follow me anymore, ¿understand?”

That was perhaps because his aggressive temperament and the great pride he took in his fighting skills did not allow him to tolerate the presence of anyone who could stand up to him. If Gally continued to develop, surely at some point she would have the strength to challenge her, and they would have to fight a duel to resolve their prestige issues.

This was the inevitable fate of all martial artists who aspired to live.

Calico got lost in the shadows of the alleys; Ido also took the road back home, with Gally in his arms. But after taking a few steps, a strange feeling invades him and he turns to look at the alley. Only darkness remained there, although he could feel an emptiness in that darkness.

“That hostility from Calico is more dangerous to Gally than the twisted affection from Cult, damn it! I would have killed her right here.”

Ido lamented, though he is aware that he lacks the skills to do so. Ido carries the helpless, unconscious Gally in his arms while cursing his own ineptitude.

However, it seems that his laments reached divine ears, for that very night, the reason for his worries was to be eliminated. 









