The escape where a man rushed through countless alleys suddenly ended with a dead end.
It is found in a deeply flowing dub river, and the alley is over there. When a man puts his back on a wire mesh built on the edge of the Dob River, he trembles and looks at the alley.
The end of the alley where the man ran away ran away as if it were closed in the dark like a different space. The walls of the four sides that finally hung over to overcome crushing the man.
"Wow, stop it, stop it!"
When a man replaces with his desperately shaped Nata, he slashed his own living right arm. When a pink meat appeared from one person, lid muscle, smoothly broken skin, it disappeared with the blood that gushes out quickly.
"Hui Iti Iihi"
The breathing of a man is disturbed by the severe pain of the arm, the chest rises and falls greatly like a bellows. But when the pain filled the consciousness, the distorted view of the man quickly regained its outline. To the consciousness that awakens with the annihilation of hallucinations, the man plays a dragging laugh. And for the empty space

440/5000
Otoko ga musū no roji o kakenuketa tōhikō wa, tōtotsu ni ikidomari de owari o tsugeta. Fukaku nagareru dobu kawa ni sekitome rare, roji wa soko de owatte iru nodearu. Dobu kawa no en ni tate rareta kanaami ni otoko wa senaka o azukeru to, buruburu to furuete roji o miru. Tatta ima otoko ga nige hashitte kita roji no hate wa, atakamo betsu no kūkan no yō ni kurayami ni tozasa rete mienai. Iyoiyo ōi kabusaru yō ni tatta yomo no kabe ga, otoko o oshi tsubushi ni noshikakatta. `Hie ~tsu, yamero o~tsu, yameya gare e~tsu' otoko wa hisshi no keisō de motte ita Nata o gyakute ni mochikaeru to, jibun no namami no migiude o kiri tsuketa. Hito-kin, futa suji, pakkuri to wareta hifu kara momoiro no niku ga arawareru to, sore wa sugu ni fukidashite kuru chi de mienaku natta. `Hī i~tsu, ihi i' ude no gekitsū ni yotte otoko no kokyū wa midare, mune ga fui go no yō ni ōkiku jōge suru. Shikashi itami ga ishiki o ume tsukusu to, otoko no yugande ita shikai ga kyūsoku ni rinkaku o torimodoshite itta. Genkaku no shōmetsu to tomoni samete iku ishiki ni, otoko wa hikitsuru yōna waraigoe o morasu. Soshite kokū ni mukete za