Sengoku ---- A red light rushed up from under the shadow.
When it draws an arc from the ground to the sky like a serpent, its brightness melts in darkness. Almost at the same time that the red light snake ran to the dark, a high clear sound called Vienna trembled in the dark alley wall and echoed.
 "Is not it!
The man felt uncomfortable that there was no pleasant feeling that he should run up at the moment he had the blade cut into the enemy's crown. It was lost somewhere before the touch of Nata who was with the centrifugal force touched the head of the shadow, and the man had slashed his left arm to the ground with a sense as if he would leave it as it was. The man rolled forward in the air so that it could be pulled by the arm that he could lift down, he landed from his back unevenly and rolled.
"Hello, O me, my hands"
When the man finally noticed the sense of loss and screamed, it was when he turned his left arm with his pain landing from his back. The man's left machine arm was cut from the wrist with a momentary interlock with the shadow. The wrist of a male machine shows a sharp cut surface and has a faint smoke with heat.
The shadow stood in front of the man as if nothing had happened.



Setsuna -- -- kage no kahō kara akai hikari ka kake nobotta. Sono kōki wa orochi no yō ni ji kara ten e to kowoegaku to yami ni tokeru. Sono akai hikari no hebi ga yami ni hashitta no to hobo dōjini, bī n to iu takaku sunda oto ga kurai roji no kabe ni furuete kodama shita. `Ga hi~tsu!?' Otoko wa teki no nōten ni hamono o kuikoma seta shunkan ni kake noboru hazu no kaikan ga nai koto ni iwakan o oboete ita. Enshinryoku to tomoni atta Nata no tegotae ga kage no tōbu ni fureru sunzen ni doko ka e ushinawa re, otoko wa sonomama su ppo nukeru yōna kankaku de ji ni made hidariude o kiri do-gete ita nodearu. Furi oroshita ude ni hika reru yō ni otoko wa kūchū de zenten shi, sonomama buzama ni senaka kara chakuchi shite korogatta. `Hi ~yoe~e, o, ore no te gua ~a~tsu' otoko ga yōyaku sōshitsukan ni kidzuite himei o ageta no wa, senaka kara chakuchi shita itami de hidariude o se ni mawashita tokideatta. Otoko no hidari no mashin ude wa, kage to no isshun no kōsaku de tekubi kara setsudan sa rete ita nodearu. Otoko no mashin no tekubi wa eirina setsudan-men o mise, netsu o motte kasuka ni kemuri o tadayowa sete iru. Kage wa nanigoto mo nakatta ka no yō ni otoko no me no mae ni tatte ita.