"Nana, what is wrong, what's wrong?"
A few seconds later, beside the man, Nata who added the left hand gripped as a bonus finally dropped sharply and pierced the asphalt of the alley.
The shadow did not avoid the man 's nakedness being shaken down at high speed, he kicked from the side a wrist grasping nata at a speed much higher than it.
The shadow kick was exactly art.
It is a supple movement like a waterbird spreading wings and flying to the sky, but at the same time it is a technique of kicking the destructive power like a nail that a baptism black eagle cuts off prey.
As the blade of Nata rushes down, the kicking foot of the shadow stretches just above just like a knee kick in a folded form. Then, when the heel of the axis foot bounced off the ground, it turned round about the base of the thumb as a fulcrum and turned to almost the front of the body. When the kick feet receive the instantaneous power of the shaft foot that has stretched to the toe tipped with the rotation of the heel, the lower leg is twisted inwardly from the folded knee and it is released. At this moment the power of the kick is the greatest, it is improving to the left wrist grasping the man 's nata and improving it.


`Nana, nani ga, dō natte ya ganda~tsu' sū-byō o hete yōyaku otoko no katawara ni, nigitta hidarite o omake ni tsuketa Nata ga kirikiri to kaiten shinagara rakka shite roji no asufaruto ni tsuki tatta. Kage wa kōsoku de furi orosa reru otoko no Nata o yokezu, sore o haruka ni uwamawaru sokudo de Nata o nigitta tekubi o yoko kara keri naida nodearu. Sono kage no keri wa masani geijutsudeatta. Atakamo mizutori ga tsubasawohirogete ten ni tobitatou to suru ka no yōna shinayakana ugokidearinagara, dōjini mōkin no kuro washi ga emono o kirisaku tsume nogotoki hakai-ryoku o himeta keri no wazadearu. Nata no ha ga kyūkōka surunoni sōtai shite, oritatama reta katachi de kage no keri ashi ga hizageri no yō ni hobo maue ni nobiagaru. Soshite jikusoku no kakato ga ji kara haneru to, oyayubi no tsukene o shiten ni uchimawari ni 銳 Ku kaiten shite karada no hobo shōmen o muita. Sono kakato no kaiten ni tomonatte tsumasakidachi ni nobiagatta jikusoku no shunpatsuryoku o keri ashi ga ukeru to, tatama rete ita hiza kara shita no kyakubu ga uchigawa ni 銳 Ku hineri komu yō ni kaihō sa rete iku. Kono shunkan ni keri no iryoku wa saidai to nari, otoko no Nata o nigitta hidari tekubi ni ~inpakuto shite setsu shin shite iru.