It does not take several comma before the process of kicking more than this shadow textbook is completed. And surprisingly the shadow of this elegant kick has been released after the men confirmed that they would throw away the nata. Shadows not only kicking technology but also their reflexes have already reached the area of ​​supernatural work.
But still - the doubt remained.
Although it is an artistic supernatural work, is it possible to cut sharply instead of breaking the wrist of steel ball made by just kicking?
But surely the left wrist of a male machine is sharply slashed. There seemed to be something else that is not only advanced technology of shadow kicking.
When a man sensed a drowning in its rough part and shuddered, he was already trampling his back against a shadow, and he could no longer move.
"Damn it,"
While stepping on a prickly face, the man struggles desperately to look at the face of the hateful pursuer. I saw it at the end of the eyes of a man who looked up with pain and painted red silvered eyeglasses in a tall slender body


Kono kage no kyōkasho ijō no keri no purosesu kansei made ni wa konma sū-byō mo kakatte wa inai. Shikamo odorokubeki koto ni kono ryūreina keri o kage wa otoko ga Nata o furi orosu no o kakunin shita nochi ni hanatta nodearu. Kage wa keri no gijutsu dakede wanaku sono hansha shinkei mo sudeni kamiwaza no iki ni tasshite iru to ieyou. Daga —— soredemo gimon wa nokotta. Ikani geijutsu-tekina kamiwaza to wa ie, tada no keri de sutīru-sei no sa~ibōgu no tekubi o oru node wanaku eiri ni setsudan suru koto ga kanōna nodearou ka. Shikashi tashika ni otoko no mashin no hidari tekubi wa eiri ni kiri otosa rete iru. Soko ni wa kage no keri no kōdona gijutsu dakede wanai betsu no nani ka ga aru yōdeatta. Otoko ga sono ōmakana bubun ni oboro-ge ni kandzuite senritsu shita toki, sudeni otoko wa kage ni senaka o fumitsuke rarete miugoki wa torenaku Natsute ita. `Chi, chikushō~tsu' otoko wa utsubuse ni fumitsuke rarenagara, nikui tsuiseki-sha no men o niramou to hisshi ni kubi o meguraseru. Kushin shite miageta otoko no me no hashi ni utsutta no wa, hyororito shita chōshin ni ginbuchi megane no akai