It was a pineapple head.
".. Woman, is it?"
"Hehe, well, consciousness and chromosomes are not right"
The follower tracing a man distorted the red lips and said.
Certainly the face and body line was that of a woman. However, it is brownish brown as it is worn, the body of a woman peering from a colored cotton is an artificial body made up of steel and ceramics. A woman was a whole body cyborg that was made into a cosmetic body by a machine completely except for the skin of the face and brain miso.
A woman with a whole body cyborg crouches over his elbow on the knee of the foot that stepped on the man and cranked up, and a sarcastic crawl is floated in a bad figure of a man.
"A hunter who kicked my wrist and blown away it is a maniac sister of a whole body tornado"
The man frantically twisted his neck and spat out as it strengthened. The woman puts her strength on the foot that stepped on her back without hesitation against her sassy attitude. I step on a bundle of dead branches under the foot of a woman's steel

Painappuru atamadeatta. `.. On'na, ka?' `Fu fu, mā ichiō, ishiki to senshokutai wa nē' otoko o fumitsuketa tsuiseki-sha wa sono akai kuchibiru o yugamete itta. Tashikani kaotsuki to bodi rain wa josei no soredeatta. Shikashi haotta dake no ~yoreta 褐 Shi yoku,-iro no ko 丨卜 Kara nozoku on'na no karada wa subete sutīru to seramikku de kōsei sa reta jinkō no bode ~idearu. On'na wa ganmen no hifu to nōmiso igai wa kanzen ni mashin ni ~yotte gitaika sa reta zenshin saibo 丨 Guna nodeatta. Zenshin saibōgu no on'na wa otoko o fumitsuketa ashi no hiza ni hiji o nosete kagami komu to, otoko no buzamana sugata ni hinikuna 嗤 I o ukaberu. `Ore no tekubi o keri de futtoba shita hantā ga, zenshin saibane no maniakku ane Chiya nta a na' otoko wa hisshi ni kubi o nejitte tsuyogaru ~yo~uni haki suteta. On'na wa sono otoko no namaikina taido ni taishi, chūcho sezu ni se o fumitsuketa ashi ni chikara o komeru. On'na no suti — ru-sei no ashi no shita de kareeda no taba o 踏

