CHAPTER 5


At the same time, when Gally and Calico had left the Factory District behind, a woman was walking alone on the dark Tempest Street. It was the middle-aged prostitute, Shig.

"I hope that man Ido truly understands Gally," she muttered.Sig walked quietly along the deserted nighttime street. Visiting Ido Daisuke's clinic with a message from Calico, Sig had informed him that Gally had become a Hunter and was now left in the pleasure district with Calico.

"I have preparations to make. You may return now," Ido said only that to Sig and closed the door. Sig shrugged at Ido's rude and arrogant attitude, but since Calico hadn't asked her to guide him, she decided to return alone to the pleasure district.

Sig passed through Tempest Street and entered an alleyway—a shortcut leading to the pleasure district. She entered a narrow alley about one meter wide that twisted and turned in complex ways. Although there were no streetlights and it was maze-like, if you knew the way, you could reach the front of the pleasure district in about five minutes. Choosing the main roads would take twice as long.

As Sig was jogging through the narrow alley, a sound like something being rubbed together echoed along the grimy walls from somewhere."What is this sound?"

Sig furrowed the wrinkles on her skull-like face, forming an uneasy expression as she made her way through the alley.

"Ah!"

She shuddered as if something had stroked her back. That strange friction sound was definitely, little by little, getting closer to Sig.

"Ah... ah... ah... aah..."

The friction sound crept up quietly and steadily, like the tongue of a snake tasting its prey.

Drenched in cold sweat, Sig ran through the narrow, winding alley. She turned right, then left, proceeding straight ahead without glancing at the side paths.

Out of breath, Sig ran through the alley and turned a corner.

"Ah..."

On the other side of the narrow alley, a small, glittering light was flickering.

Sig's eyes smiled with relief.Calico lit the cigarette held between her lips and asked Ido. He didn't answer for a while, stroking Gally's hair, but then suddenly began to speak as if to himself.

"I don't know much about Panzer Kunst. But I've heard that it's a legendary martial art that was destroyed because it was terrifyingly powerful. It's probably called the ancient Martian martial art for that reason."

By now, that fact had faded into oblivion, but in the former space age, humanity had reached Venus, Mars, and Jupiter, and had built unique cultures on each planet. Among them, especially the Martian Panzer Kunst wielded terrible power in wars through assassinations and guerrilla warfare, and thus was feared as "On Mars, there is Panzer Kunst."

"Heh, I see... Indeed, the principles are quite different from our Earth-style martial arts. Even watching that technique, I can't imagine the battlefield is limited to the ground, you know," Calico said.

Calico walked over to Gally, who was held by Ido, gently placed her hand on the girl's cheek, and smiled as if praising her brave fight. However, that smile gave Ido a chilling sense of unease. Contrary to the mask of her smile, her eyes harbored a golden light filled with the instinctive hostility of a woman's jealousy hidden within."He had sensed it.

'Calico, you...'

Ido muttered as if groaning, his expression turning grim. Turning his back to Calico to shield Gally, he squeezed out a trembling, suppressed voice.

'...I won't let you meet Gally anymore. After seeing your eyes just now, I'm convinced. If you and Gally are together, you will inevitably end up trying to kill each other someday.'

Calico was at a loss for words for a moment. Then, understanding the feelings Ido had intuitively grasped, she let out a dry chuckle that bubbled up from within. Turning her back to the two of them without looking back, she quietly spoke as she left.

'Indeed. She was a cute girl, but I've just come to dislike her. Ido, make sure you tell her not to come after me, okay?'

This was the result of Calico's fierce temperament and immense pride as a skilled fighter, absolutely unwilling to allow someone of comparable stature nearby. If Gally continued to grow like this and came to possess power that could surpass her, eventually the two would have to settle matters by staking their mutual prestige...""They would have to settle it eventually; it was an unavoidable fate for those who live as martial artists.

After Calico melted into the depths of the darkness of the alley, Ido began walking home, carrying Gally. After taking a few steps, he seemed to reconsider and stopped, turning back to the alley with a stern expression. There, a yawning darkness spread like a gaping hole, with not even the slightest trace remaining.

"Calico's hostility is far more dangerous to Gally than Colt's twisted passion. If only I had killed that woman here and now..."

Ido said this as he clenched his fist, but he fully understood that he did not have the ability to carry it out. Holding the defenselessly sleeping Gally, Ido could only mutter curses at his own powerlessness.

However, whether his curses reached the heavens or not, the root of that calamity would be removed before the night was over."
